this is the Infiniti q50 6 I've pulled
several trailers with it the one it took
to right now is a Logan coach 3 horse
it's the aluminum XT it kind of looks
good together don't they and this is a
class 4 receiver hitch on this infinity
so it's one of the bigger SUVs made for
the light of the larger sized trailer
the list of what this as for for options
of standard equipment is amazing well my
favorite set intelligent cruise control
where it actually locks on to the
vehicle in front of you you can slow
down or speed up locked on to that
vehicle and when you pass them of course
it speeds up to what speed you had it
set at it's a wonderful device you can
use it with traders you can use it
through these interstates that go
through the middle of cities and cause
all those problems with you know trying
to keep the right speed and be it steady
on you can let the vehicle do most of
work it's a big unit this q56 is got 22
inch wheels very large wheels it's got
heated seats front and rear it's got
power telescoping steering wheel which I
really like it's got you know Lane
Departure all those things keep you safe
on the road so if it thinks you're
crossing the line you'll be fat you it
it's got an a camera system that's
amazing on it I'll try to show you part
of that but this is a great unit here
this has four and horsepower 413
foot-pounds of torque it's five six v8s
and when it's in the Titan the Nissan
Titan truck it's got an automatic it's
all-wheel drive that switches back and
forth automatically it has a snow
setting there's a lot of settings on it
so you can certainly get in and out of
places I'd read it through mud hole this
trader did very well because this
intelligent brake assist it has blind
spot warnings and lane departure talked
about that just about anything you can
think of tire pressure monitor it's a
lot of fun
the Infiniti q50 6 it's a very nice SUV
it handles well handles the trailer well
it's got so many toys on you can spend
all day long playing with them this is
the rear hatch gate
it opens remotely which is nice when you
got your hands full of groceries or feed
bags I've hauled a lot of stuff in this
and it's just a well-equipped SUV it's a
luxury I should be a leather that heated
seats 13 speakers it's got the
entertainment center so it's got screens
on the back the headrest
grandkids watching DVDs in it and it
does well offroad
I don't know if you want to take
something this luxurious and playing the
really bad stuff but it it's capable the
running boards are tucked underneath the
door so it's not in the way but it's
useful a lot of running boards stick out
and just look ugly this is all refined
the nose has quite a different look to
it and it's got seats up for seven
seatbelts for seven you can the push
button in the back seats fold down out
and I showed you how the middle roll
rolls over out of the way so you can get
to the back seats so it's a very
functional vehicle it's got the power to
and it will tow a vehicle I'd recommend
you know any kind of CV or an
independent suspension type suspension
to use a weight distributing it that
does help take some of them this way out
of any kind of a trailer on an SUV and
it does have an airbag automatic
suspension it levels you out which is
really nice when you're towing trailers
keeps you level that means the trailers
level if you get everything hooked up
with your hitch right and then you'll be
breaking there when everything's level
but I enjoy driving it it's got a
moonroof with Sky just of anything you
think of heated steering wheels I mean
you know the heated second row seat as
well as the front row seat but my
favorite part though is that intelligent
cruise control we can lock on whoever is
in front of you and it will just stay on
that person speed until they turn off
where you pass them and then it'll go to
the speed that you set
controls very ergonomically I'd really
like the in the center console there's
the GPS which has a lot of things with
as well plans radio climate control but
it's got knobs on everything so many
vehicles all these buttons so you got to
look at the button find the button take
your eyes off the road and push it as
many times as you need to that's not
really the safest way to control your
your systems on this there's a knob for
everything as a knob for the GPS for the
map so you can actually zoom it in and
zoom it out if you're looking for
certain streets you can do that with the
heat controls it's got independent heat
control some left and right but
everything's done with a knob it's got a
camera system on it that is incredible
of course it shows you when you're
backing up and all that but you know
slow speeds I think it's under three
miles an hour when I was testing it
there's cameras all the way around it so
if you're pulling upside something and
you can't see the blind spot in one of
your fenders you just look at the at the
camera and I'll show you how far you are
from that I'll show you the actual
object whether it's another parked
vehicle or a building and of course it
shows you behind you but it'll show you
you've got a wide angle shot you've got
top shot and you know it shows you the
front so you and your parallel parking
you can see exactly what you're running
into what the camera system is I've
never seen one quite like that before it
shows you all four corners at once I
think it's a graphic in the middle where
it shows you the roof because the camera
is not in the air but it does show you
what's on each side of the vehicle yeah
it's incredible credible system on it